Lets steelman both sides on the existence of a supreme divine being(s).
I have mostly being around Christians and Muslims, and used to be a christian before so I think I can only argue from the point of view of a christian.
### Believers
1. A supreme divine being responsible for all the beauty we see in nature must exist because from our personal experiences in life, entropy always tries to bring about the most disorderly outcome and yet the nature we observe has these intricate organisation and patterns that cant possibly arise in a universe with increasing entropy. 
> The strawman version of this is that, if entropy has always been on the rise and yet these patterns still exist, then maybe our current understanding of entropy(as always leading to disorder) is flawed

2. How do you explain all the miracles and testimonies people give in churches, if there is no God enabling these supernatural phenomenas to occur?
> Mr. Strawman says: you explain the supernatural miracles(e.g rising from the dead) the same way you explain magic tricks performed by magicians -- they are just tricks and if you pay closer attention to the circumstances surrounding the miraculous event, you will observe plausible explanations for why the event wasnt miraculous at all. In the case of testimonials from people who experienced unexplainable miracles in their life, my strong suspicion is that in many cases they are either: 
>  - outrightly lying for their own amusement
>  - hyping up otherwise mudane events(to look cool or display higher spirituality than others?) 
>  - paid to lie by pastors that wish to boost their church attendance

3. If God does not exist, how do you explain the existence of our universe?
> If God does exist, how do you explain his existence? 

### Unbeliever
1. Its obvious the idea of a God is a made up phenomena, in just the same way humans make up all sorts of explanations to explain the things they find puzzling. It is not surprising at all that an early human specie invents the concept of a God to explain the changing seasons and sudden inexplicable natural disasters they obeserve around them(earthquakes, flood etc). Early men must think to themselves: when harvest good, god happy; when harvest bad, god sad; and then the concept kept getting passed down via oral tradition generation to generation and since it was such a powerful explanation for so many things, it stuck.
> Mr. Strawmans says: God is not a made up phenomena, many christians have experienced him as the holy spirit and their speaking in tongue is a physical manifestation of his presence

2. Many religions claim their god is the one true God and all others are fake. I claim that all the gods are made up which is just one less god from the believer point of view.
> Mr strawman says: while your logic might sound clever, it is not. The existence of God is not dependent on how many gods that exist versus the ones I believe in, these extra Gods sprung up as a distraction from the devil and if thinking about them lead you to denouncing the true God, welldone because the devil won.
3. People cant let go of the idea of a God because it really forces them to blame themselves and take control of their lives when things go wrong. "If god didnt exist then there is really no hope for the oppressed in this wicked world desgined for the powerful to keep getting powerful. Our last source of hope is a Godly intervention and when such event occurs it reinforces our belief in god." I sympathesize with this believers because I know the effect faith can have on the human mind.
> Mr.Strawman says: this assertion is not true at all. Believers take control of their life and blame themselvss for the consequences of their actions. God has given humamity free-will and every decision a human takes is a chance to glorify God and reap the rewards in the after-life.


To be continued...